you gotta find a thing that makes you
feel good and just continually non-stop
every day without a paycheck doing it
and that thing will empower everything
else that you have to come into it you
have a superpower he's so busy
overlooking it and I'm saying he's so
busy looking at what that actor got or
what that rapper gah instead of looking
at what you go the only thing that I had
was a desire to create that's what made
me more was everybody welcome to impact
Theory you were here my friends because
you believe the human potential is
nearly limitless but you know that
having potential is not the same as
actually doing something with it so our
goal with this show and company is to
introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams all right today's guest is
one of the most iconic hip-hop artists
of all time born in Hollis Queens he
skyrocketed out of obscurity in the
early 80s when he Rev Run and Jam Master
Jay thrust hip hop into the mainstream
changing the course of popular music
forever
they sold over 30 million albums set
countless records and blazed the trail
that all of hip-hop would soon be
marching down but no one denies that
they did it first they were the first
rap group with a top 10 single the first
to go gold the first to go platinum the
first to get played on MTV the first
with their own sneaker and the first to
grace the cover of Rolling Stone and
Spin Magazine by any measure
today's guest is an icon in fact the
image of him in a b-boy stance is the
archetypal image of 80s hip hop and yet
despite all of that for years he was so
lost to depression that he constantly
fantasized about committing suicide and
due to a neurological condition called
spasmodic dysphonia he was losing his
voice literally and figuratively his
role as a hip-hop pioneer seemed to be
receding into the past and he had
recently found out that he was adopted
his whole world had been violently
upended he no longer knew who he was and
he tumbled head over heels in a downward
spiral of drinking in isolation but at
his lowest moment he heard a song so
beautiful it reminded him that there
were a may
using things in this world left to
experience and while it first his
adoption had only intensified his desire
to die ultimately it was his salvation
wanting to help other orphans who'd been
adopted or was still in foster care
became his new purpose he got sober
founded a nonprofit Felix organization
and set out to help and along the way
he's launched a comic book company
designed to provide some of the
empowerment he feels is missing in the
world as he says revolutions begin with
art so please help me in welcoming the
man who was born to rock you can't say
he's not and in case you forgot he's the
king of rock the legendary darryl dmc'
McDaniels
[Applause]
so crazy I was at the New York Comic Con
ironic that comics would bring us
together I'm absolutely obsessed who
actually didn't tell you this story so
I'm at the Kids booth next to yours and
I was buying his comics cuz he's all
about empowerment which is my whole
thing and I see on the wall he's got an
image of a kid with a DMC shirt running
away from these aliens and he was like
man you're buying so much like pick one
of those for free right I was like dude
you gotta give me the DMC one and he
goes oh that's funny because he's
standing right next to you I'm like what
do you mean and he was like that's
Darryl DMC mcdent literally you and I
were like eight inches apart or you had
your back to me so I'm like that can't
be true he's like no I'm telling you it
is so that's when I tapped you on the
shoulder and I said we've been trying to
get you on the show and you were super
gracious and said yes and here we are
that was the coolest thing that he had
the kid in a shirt yeah in that world in
that universe that really existed that
that was really um um inspiring and
flattering like that seeing that is
better than getting a Grammy and
something like that because that means
you're part of an existence it's not
separate from the people what do you
mean by that cuz you've talked about
that before yeah like I don't want
praise and awards and salutations for my
creations if you understand what I'm
saying like okay I made a record
you know who's saying my record was the
best record that year I don't
understand that you know it's it's like
a created and it's a the purpose of it
is to touch and connect with the people
that it was that it is supposed to
connect with you know I never looked at
all you know
music as a thing to be rewarded I think
it's more of a thing that's supposed to
be shared and enjoyed you know when you
look at a band or you hear song you see
a video or you go to the live show
something you're getting entertained but
I don't think I don't even think the
artists realizes what this was created
for you know what I'm saying
I never got to experience the feeling of
when people came up to me for 30 years
you're sucking see changed my life
yo raising hell got me through the
hardest times in my you know in my life
man I was in a dark place but when I
heard this and that that didn't happen
to me until I heard Sarah McLachlan's
record if you know what I'm saying and
when I met Sarah McLaughlin she said
thank you for telling me that Darrow
because that's what music is supposed to
do that story has become pretty iconic
in your retelling of the depression and
all of that it was pretty fascinating
walk us through that moment when your
manager drags you to a party you didn't
want to go to him during the debt like
literal I'm standing on a rooftop I'm
thinking about jumping from the depths
of despair it was crazy
what had happened was we came home from
Europe and I live in Jersey now so they
had to book me into JFK so I'm already a
alcoholic suicide a metaphysical
spiritual wreck is about to jump and
kill herself that was the last straw
piss now because I'm coming into JFK and
I just made it worse that just and
absoluto is funny that is it really made
me upset and I'm not really an upset guy
like I don't get mad over stuff like
that but it was just that breaking point
for me so I get in a car in a drive as
he's driving out of JFK and it's like
three lights before you get to develop
Parkway so it's the first light you know
we stopped at a light and you know I
look up at him in the rearview mirror
and
to say so we driving again and you know
I'm gonna kill myself
you know I'm going through all these
emotions and stuff when I looked up and
he does it again so finally at the dairy
light when I look up he doesn't turn he
looks mean I guess he got his courage
and turns around do you see I'm not
supposed to do this but your music saved
my life he got me through some of the
hardest times you know when I was
growing up finishing it please don't
tell my boys can I just get an autograph
and I'm like yo cool whatever matter of
fact I'll take a picture with you so now
he's open so now he's driving and he
said you know cuz I'm a rapper now he
turns he so cut turn the radio on so he
turns it to hot 97 in New York City that
was the last thing I wanted to hear my
voice was leaving I couldn't rap you
know and prior to that it was crazy I
was turning on the TV and I'm seeing
rappers say you know when I get 40 years
old I might not even be rapping no more
I'll have a company missing that this
and that so in my mind I'm thinking is
that what's happening with me like I
didn't know what was going on you know
I'm gonna be 40 soon so make a long
story short when eight when I heard hip
hop in 1997 you'll turn it to any
station except that one and he turned it
to light fm and you know her Sarah
McLachlan song angel this was I think it
was like 96 and 98 96 I think you
believe it's 96 or 97 and when I heard
those pianos in that voice something in
me said yo Dee it may be effed up for
you right now you may be feeling down
you know like you want to kill yourself
but if something this beautiful exists
this is what a good reason to stay alive
and for one whole year all I did was
listen to Sarah McLachlan records that
went on for a whole yeah and then my
manager Eric and my publicist Tracy
Miller they was like you're keeping busy
keep Daryl busy so we don't really kill
herself you know I'm saying and he
strike and it was it was getting out of
hand
so he comes to me one day and he says yo
we going to LA I got two tickets for
Clive Davis Grammy party no you know
Clive Davis cramming party everybody
looks forward to you know I'm saying
like people who sell their souls to the
devil to girls so he
looks at when he says y'all got these
two tickets to go man we don't any
Grammy people and I said nope I'm going
staying right here I'm listening to my
Sarah McLachlan just thank you that's
well I look the other understand all I
look forward to it was the only thing in
the world
that made me feel good and he looked at
me and he said yo I worked real hard to
get these tickets the way he looked I
know he went through a lot to get those
two tickets I said okay I'll go with you
so we get in the party and Eric he's
trying to be manageable y'all go do the
red carpet I said no [__] I only
came here just for your ass
I'm staying here one hour and I'm going
back to my listen to my Sarah McLaughlin
so he said come on Dean he's Johnny know
people love you people want to hear from
you this and that you know I'm saying
you DMC listener you know you supposed
to be doing this
I took a chair and I put about a door 59
58 57 56 the countdown has now begun so
he walks away frustrated and I'm sitting
there like I said Stevie Wonder comes in
and the joke is Stephen and see me see
these boys see me so Stevie's guide to
have Stevie's there walking in and I'm
sent by the door so Stevie's boys see me
it's real fun he's guy it was the
coolest thing Tara Stevie towards me and
I'm sitting in I'm eating them like
Stevie effing Wonder hope he bumps into
the wall and his knee I mean that's not
far wrong cuz I never don't come mess
with me
I'm only here now I want to get back to
my room - listen Sarah McLachlan so
Stevie comes over hey how you doing DMC
you guys are great he walks away Alicia
Keys walks in she sees me damn see I
always see running wrestling this and I
never get to see you it's an honor to
meet you this and I'm like Alicia Keys
I've literally said I hope goodness is
bad I said I hope the piano falls and
smashes her fingers
that's evil that's just evil but that's
where I was at and I'm saying cuz that
whole thing this is BS to me
this is [__] to me be an innocent it
so she leaves and then Buster ROM comes
in he's the last person that I needed to
see cuz now ladies and gentlemen pay
attention these guys didn't just change
hip-hop they changed everything they
change fashion and Buster
making the biggest scene elven I'm like
so he literally gets the whole Lobby to
turn and acknowledge me whoa it's crazy
and he walks away so I'm sitting there
guess who walks in Sarah McLachlan so it
was that that's that lady who made the
song that damn there saved my life in
the Senate
okay do you get it together just get up
and walk over to her and tell her what
her song did so I'm walking over towards
and she sees me coming she's like do you
MC it's tricky to rock over I'm rock
over on this right so it's tricky my
deed is oh so I'm talking to myself I'm
going CD that's another reason not to
kill yourself even Sarah McLachlan likes
your song so I just go up ten I see you
miss McLachlan the name of the record is
angel you sound like angel people say
you're an angel but you're not a angel
to me you're God I listen to your record
24 hours seven days a week when I go to
the gym isn't it crazy like on every day
I don't leave home without a dissonant
so she's looking at me with the kind of
like okay I just wanted to say how do I
say I don't wanna list but when I
finished that she looked at me and she
shook my hand she said thank you for
telling me that Darrell and she said
these words that was that's what music
is supposed to do she shakes my hand she
walks away the song just had a vibe and
energy and that energy that thing that
that song was was the only thing that
made me feel good and our lives is about
feeling good not about just who we are
about just feeling good about everything
and supposed to feel right and I do a
lot of talking on mental health and
stuff like that mentally spiritually
emotionally all it if you're not feeling
good about every part of your existence
none of your relationships will work out
that record was the only thing that made
me feel complete when I found out that I
was adopted what was happening was I
started drinking again and in my mind I
try to rationalize and say I'm drinking
again because I
celebrating the newfound part of my
identity which was you know I'm trying
to come up with some excuse to drink
again and that was going on for probably
like my wife no I was drinking Eric no I
was drinking everybody around me no I
was drinking but it wasn't tell about I
would say eight months when I started
drinking started getting out of hand
and you know my wife family she finally
confronted me
I love women because they're so
perceptive she looked at me she said
this to me she said [__] you
[__] drinking cuz you can't handle a
[__] fact that you just found out
that she was adopted and I tried to deny
that but she was a hundred percent right
the rehab thing allowed me to see what I
was doing and then it allowed me to see
why I was doing it and then it made me
discover well I'm obsessive compulsive
disorders and this and that and anxiety
and it made me realize that when I first
started drinking it's because I thought
it I needed help to be who I was trying
to be with friend EMC and the reason why
I say that is because when I went
through rehab now denim sober the things
that made me feel good I was able to see
and feel again like people think they
need stuff I realized all you need to do
is feel good about who you are but I'm
talking about really just feeling good
when you feel good everything comes to
you what had happened me was this I was
this little kid named Darryl McDaniels
from Hollis Queens knew your you know I
got attracted to comic books I went to
Catholic school my whole life because
there's always a source to go back and
find out where neskowin
I went to Catholic school in my whole
life in the middle of Hollis Queens New
York there was Saint Pasco Bell on
elementary school I wore a uniform I
carried a big book bag that says st.
Pasco bail on in elementary school I
wore glasses before this is before I
rounded let them
my glasses is cool now and I'm saying
but I got teased bullied and picked on
cuz I went to Catholic school I was a
little nerdy kid straight-a student by
the way Oh always on the honor roll five
and six stars on the forehead that but
that in Hollis wasn't cool the public
school cares a funny they like you got a
uniform on you go to Catholic school
they literally thought you're your
family's rich they pay for you go to
school run it so I got my lunch money
taking all of that me and my wearing my
glasses back then it wasn't cool the way
I made it cool now it was hey four-eyes
hey binoculars hey spectacles come here
huh did you see that like life was
miserable but I loved school I was one
of those kids that couldn't understand
why the hell do we gotta be out of
school from June July August September
I think because of that I was considered
weird I didn't understand why we gotta
have a break in school but for me and
I'll tell you what it was just something
about the new textbook and new pens and
this is new pencil sharpener the newness
of that and then new white pages waiting
to be written or I used to smell the
books which is something about reading
and write getting the knowledge and then
releasing it now I'm putting the
connection together so I'm this little
cave I just have to walk ten minutes
from my house to get the same pass go
bail on it was the worst ten minutes of
my life but I made it to school but
honors in school loved it straight-a
student when that bell rang at the end
of the year scariest thing for me cuz
now that I make it back home
so I gotta make it back home get home
and take off my uniform an input on my
plate for soccer fit in so that was my
life but when I was home my perfect
world was this world of comic books the
superheroes DC and especially Marvel DC
was cool but Gotham and metropolis was
fictional but I loved flash he was
favored to read and draw Superman just
as League all of that well marvel on the
other hand was brilliant cast an Lea put
the superheroes in New York so when I
opened up a Marvel comic book
it wasn't my fantasy it was real to me
but why do you think I run about Queens
all these times I live in Queens
spider-man lives in Queens Peter Parker
Liz I can relate to that and he's smart
so comic books was my perfect world I
was I was I was powerful woman I wasn't
ashamed of being Who I am I fit right in
with Tony Stark's Peter Parker and David
Banner so I'm doing all these comic
books but it did something else now I
went to all of this and then when I got
sober it awakened me to some it made me
realize man comic books set me up for
something that I didn't even know what's
about to happen to me and what I mean by
that was comic books did two things for
me it made me a great student because I
was oh that's what I did was recover
books if I wasn't reading my comic books
I was doing some type of homework but to
comic books their educators overlooked
something there was a generation where
take the comic books from the kids the
kid shouldn't read the comic books but
they overlook the fact that by me these
comic books made me an excellent student
for instance I learned about World War
two in history but I'll go home your
imagination in your mind is real because
Captain America takes me there I'm there
when you're reading something the
emotions just like you there I learn
about the Sun the moons and stars and
all of that the surfer takes me to
teacher I was flying around Maura's last
night so it was just something very
powerful about there so I am a leaf the
weapon when it comes to reading and
writing and all that because I'm really
I'm learning words and that's net this
is what comic books did for me every
comic book and Marvel gave the character
title and Marvel taught me define
yourself of an adjective and then tell
the world who you are such as if I say
amazing you'll say if I say incredible
you'll say that's being instilled in me
and this is that was my whole life as a
kid all of a sudden 1978 it was there
already but I'm still a kid that's when
I noticed Stanko hip-hop comes over the
bridge
the DJ's and the emcees it wasn't
reckless with MCS and DJs the rat was
the thing the MCS there so I'm noticing
all the block parties and all the house
parties in a street parties and stuff
hey
I'm still not a paying attention to her
cuz I'm and to my comic books is stuff
like that and all the older kids my
brother boobie and Anthony I'll remember
Anthony was at first in our neighborhood
the kids turntables in his house like
the park DJ's then boobie got a set of
turntables like the park DJ's so my
brother Alfred who's rolling with dumb
of course he got to get some but me and
my brother alpha we got a problem we
don't sell we so we don't got no money
but we got a huge comic book collection
somewhere brother comes and I when he
walked in the room I knew he was gonna
he's the old era that this idea how we
gonna get some tables we're going I was
like no don't say if we're gonna do a
comic book sale so big brothers are
funny because we did a comic book sale
and check it out when we was doing a
comic book sale true story we put up
little papers handwritten signs I spread
the word so now me and my brother we get
enough money we get the turntables and
my brother girls yo when I ain't home
don't touch my turntables
so he teased but he would leave and I
were going to basement so I learned to
do the good times thing so that's what I
was doing I wanted to be a DJ I created
this guy called Grandmaster get high
because you don't need weed or old
English because my beats and music will
intoxicate you so that's me that was the
beginning of me manifesting things I was
in the basement pretending not to I
ain't have no aspirations the b-flat
flash does that this is me pretending to
pee what that guy did on a cassette tape
the same way I used to put my favorite
blanket on my neck and run through the
house I'm Batman and I'm Superman
it was all make-believe so that's what
was gonna my brother comes home with
wrappers to light this and now I'm like
whatever at thing goes with that so I
learned rap is the lake it's like I said
I want to be an only kid in there but
then about two weeks later this was the
life-changing moment he comes home with
a red label record
if said enjoy and big black letters and
he puts the needle on a record
now rap is the light was three guys
rapping one goggle second goggle through
goggle longest record was over he put
the needle on this record and this thing
says it was a party night everybody was
breaking in the house was screaming in
her face was shaking in it won't be long
till everybody knowing that flash now
heard the DJ 52 good flashes on the P
boxcars and it wasn't no hip-hop to hit
Davis and sha na na and then Italian
Caucasian Japanese Spanish Indian Negro
Vietnamese MC disc jockey Shaw flack
hitch for the young ladies then this
happened introducing the crew you got to
see to believe five different voices
whip one two three four five MCS one
dude said I'm melly-mel and I rock it so
well in the next room said and I'm
missing this because I rock the best in
the third do that rocky in all the
ladies dreaming and somebody said cowboy
and I make your jump for joy and then
the fifth guy said Cree owner of
aforesaid solid go kid Creole playing a
road dig dis where the Furious Five
poster fast giving you a blast of show
enough class so to prove to you all that
was second enough we're gonna make 5 MC
sound like wine like the [__] I'm
sweating now what the [__] this is crazy
I said yeah
i sat there over and over and over and
over listen to that record over and over
and over and over - I got a right I got
her right just just that thing the
rapper's delight' thing that these guys
just did go with the DJ fasting so
simultaneously I became creme has to get
high and I must easy MC easy D and I was
in my basement just pretending a whole
career all I was doing everything that I
was getting from comic books define
yourself with an adjective and then you
tell the world who you are which is what
these guys were doing on air what Mars
was gonna go a little further because I
had something I was drawn for hearing
them rapping the graffiti that was on a
wall the breakdancers that era that area
early of hip-hop was like the damn comic
book them jump off the pages and got on
a wall there was brick the colors there
Dida suits and stuff like that the
personalities it was like superhero
that's why I related to it so much but
the whole thing of make-believe
make-believe make-believe nowadays I
tell kids if anybody looks at you and
says you're into corny make-believe
pretend [__] you might get in trouble
stand up on your desk in the middle of
class and leech it just like King Kong
and say you're goddamn right
Here I am pretending to be a DJ like
flash in the MC like melly-mel
in my own world I said I'm going to
become now that you understand what sent
my basement going I'm gonna become the
most powerful entity in the hip-hop
universes mild-mannered Catholic school
kid Darryl McDaniels when he steps to
that microphone the initials of my name
is DMC but he's no longer Darryl
McDaniels he transforms into the
devastating my controlling DMC then I
was sitting in one day and I was sitting
I was going okay Thor it's the son of
Odin from Asgard he got two brother
named Loki and he got a hammer
I'm Daryl making fun it for the Mike
thing I'm Darrell I'm saying I'm gonna
take that and put it with this Mike
thing I'm Darryl McDaniels from Hollis
Queens I got a father named by fruit and
a brother named Alfred
mic so I may become son of Byford
brother of Al Ben as my mother and runs
my pal its McDaniels not McDonald's
these rhymes or Darrell's those burgers
or Ronald's I ran down my family tree my
mother my father my brother and me
hip-hop excited me because I was like
you could tell stories about who you are
over music so my stories we're gonna be
written like superheroes make a loss are
short 12 great comes we get gardens
council gives us the sheet saying you're
about to graduate you got to think about
what you're gonna be in life and your
time to grow up in its net so they put
this sheet in front of me and I'm like I
don't know what the hell I want to be
I'm a kid I'm gonna go home and read my
comic books and write rhymes and pretend
to be flash but I'm a shy little kid
Catholic school kid hip-hop was the
thing that gave me power to express who
I was dissin air in a powerful way it's
just so powerful that before that hey
for us a spectacles oh I got you now I'm
on the [__] this Mike thing is taking
the number left D is for doing it all of
the top aims for the rhymes that all my
C's for cool cool s competing room and
say why you wear those glasses so I can
see shut everybody now so now people
don't even wanna wear glasses is wearing
glasses now you know I'm saying so
that's what I was doing what do you
teach kids now about that moment about
finding their real voice about not
getting lost either in the need to
succeed or money or whether I talk is
this a kid yesterday asked me at Berklee
music skew and he looked really
seriously what do you do with rejection
I look now say there's no such thing as
rejection there's only projection if
they didn't like what you did go and
make another one and so both of those
down at 3 do not be ashamed of yourself
do not be ashamed of yourself now that's
hard why because the way the world is
you know social media
forget for for social media you just had
the people in the neighborhood
the bullies and the jealous people and
all of that you gotta find a thing that
makes you feel good and just continually
stop every day without a paycheck doing
it and that thing will empower
everything else that you have to come
into it how do you cultivate that
confidence like you said there's two
things that seem to give you confidence
in your life all the English and then
comic books so all English was a false
sense of power
she was sadly now in America Trump's not
the problem the problem has been for the
last 15 years here in America using
disrespect ignorance illiteracy and
violence and negativity
Desa forces of power who you are is the
thing that's gonna break down every wall
for instance when I got in the hip hop
the early things of hip hop and I'm able
to talk about this because I didn't say
I'm gonna do this I had to discover this
in hip hop early hip hop was so-called
black ghetto music it was everything was
a message song cousin a message broken
glass air soul a message one message to
life and I got a weave inmate it's like
that in our times everything was that
but I was sitting there like even in the
dirt poor down who did some good nice
fun stuff so when I got on a mic on and
say I had guns I didn't run tell drug
dealers I talked about why I've said
DMC's the only emceed I could talk about
chicken and collard greens st. John's
University and Christmas they make a
gangster I talk about my glasses I
didn't say you know I'm saying I didn't
talk about cars run always I got a big
log caddy just to run and just see them
fly you know I take your girl let's stay
on it
none of my wife see imma take your girl
matter fact I'm scared of your girl you
know I'm saying I see some lipstick and
stuff I'm [__] sweating I'm out it
I'm out of here my therapist told me the
power thing to give you an example
he said I'm 35 years ago you had the
power not to go down this big catechism
my depression I said what do you mean he
said when you would have said I'm not
doing that record here I said I'm not
working when that person because I don't
like the way they operate or not now I
don't want to do a show for this
kindness and he sees against for what I
stand for the first reaction of the
world is oh you gonna walk away from all
this money
and D users a hell yeah I'm going to
remote honor books it sounds cliche
everybody you have a superpower you're
so busy overlooking it and I'm saying
you're so busy looking at but that actor
gotta what that rapper gah instead of
looking at what you got the only thing
that I had was a desire to create that's
what made me who I was I don't need to
write this record to be on a radio I
don't need to write the record to be on
TV I don't need to write the record to
get a check I'm gonna write the record
now I feel good about it that's so
important what do you hope people get
out of the comic like you could do
anything at this point you have so much
fame so much attention aimed at you and
obviously I know why you're doing it
because you love it you've made that
really really clear in this entire
interview but what do you hope people
get out of this Briggs Morales who is my
editor-in-chief and Riggs Morales is I
got it convinced me to do the comic book
went for meeting in Atlantic Records it
was a music meeting because Eric's
brother had an artist and he wanted to
shop so are going to meeting with Briggs
Morales in a race for people that want
to know who Riggs is he was Eminem's
right-hand man over at Shady Records and
on the rise of that great Empire Riggs
cool guy that's an a legendary guy so
I'll go in the music meeting I sit down
and race goes Joe I'm usually very
professional I never fan out and he used
these worse but do you see man you was
like my superhero man or where you
looked in the way you sound and I'm like
whoa and my joke was oh my god I've been
discovered because this hip-hop thing
has always been a cover for me being a
superhero and he just asked me you know
what was it like when he was a kid and I
was like oh wow I went to Catholic
school my whole life and all I did was
read and draw comics he said comics I'm
sorry and draw come he said comics I
said yeah and we sat there for three
hours and we're talking about comics
Marvel DC did everything that I just
told you he told me what he was going
through and the whole thing all of that
dissing that he was like just he was
like wow so he said D you should do a
comic book I said no I don't want to do
a comic book and he said why not I said
cuz I don't want to be a rapper dad just
because I had a hit record thinking I
could do everything
he rolled he said that's crazy like wow
he said oh that's very but he said yo D
with your comic book
this is my answer question what's your
comic book you can do everything you've
always done with your music and more in
this form and I said what do you mean
educate inspire motivate and entertain
and when he said that to me all right
I'm in it so he said yo here's what I'm
gonna do
Comic Con was coming three years ago I'm
gonna take you to New York City Comic
Con so he takes me in a New York City
Comic Con now remember I'm sober and
then went through everything that I went
through
they said I'm feeling good about my life
there was one missing ingredient to
complete the transformation
I'm walking in New York City Comic Con
and I see all the comic books I had that
my brother made me sell I seen lost in
space
I see the Addams Family in the monster
and the Flintstones I see Bruce Lee in a
kung fu movie everything everybody
artistically is made up of everything
that was visually and conceptually
presented to him through pop culture Who
I am really sitting here in you I'm The
Addams Family I'm the Jetsons I'm the
I'm the Brady Bunch after school I'm the
monsters I'm almost comic Marvel comic
books and those DC comic I'm Bruce Lee
of all of that so I walked in there and
it just hit me and we walked around
comic-con and Rick's turns to me any
goals and it's crazy he's I'm happy done
I'm in heaven right now
he's still thinking about what he said
in the office so he turns to me said
Dean um when we create this comic book
what would you call your company and I'm
like what no we're gonna create a ticket
to Marvel and DC says no he says no do
your hip hop we're gonna be what Marvel
and DC has already been like he's just
now it's just I'm nervous but he says yo
you can't use Marvel you can't use DC
can't use image can't use value this
name what would you call your company
and the reason why I'm saying it's like
this is like like I said everybody's so
busy
let me get this into something I gotta
be like um you know I gotta be like Bill
Gates and I gonna feel like this and
then everything that you need message to
totally be successful to drop it out
back to the DMC thing it just came to me
devastating my controller DS for doing
it all other time instead of Darryl
McDaniels no I'm just call my comic book
Huntley Darrell makes comics because
that's what I wanna be doing so Rick's
is like yeah he was like I love it and
so a year later we had our first issue
out that's also um the effort that we
put into stuff the effort that we put
into stuff could be empowered to make it
effortlessly if we never forget who we
are and another perfect example of that
is this I went to every top throat
doctor in New York City I went to Lenny
Kravitz knocked up I went to Mariah
Carey's doctor and now you know if they
can't fix your voice something's wrong
I'll go to all of them they do to test
this and that they take the microscope
x-ray and they looked me in my eyes and
says son there's nothing physically
wrong what you thought what my voice was
leaving I'm talking at one time i
voicing the last good thing that i got
out and i said if i do doc because i was
still drinking at the time was the sarah
mclachlan record in the vocal
performance on that it's not good at all
it's just overshadowed by what the
record means and that's a powerful thing
to your voice your voice is not how you
sound a speak your voice your vibration
is who you are in this and i got away
from that and i went to all of these
doctors i mean it was crazy and my voice
didn't come back until I got sober and
it didn't come back strongly till I
started doing it so again in a room with
rigs in a guard oh my Eric okay it's
gonna be the DMC universe and it's gonna
be in that 80's IQ and this it is fun
this is on a sound like the 80s it's
gonna feel like the AED but the question
Twitter
is that the eighties it could be the
future so we gonna sit there DFC is
gonna be the first superhero from the
DMC on the universe she's not gonna be
the only one but he's gonna be the first
one and then this universe is already
gonna be superheroes they're the MCS now
I'm gonna fight the villains he's gonna
fight this and that's all I did and then
we do it and we finish it and people
love this oh [__] we got to do another
one then we go into another one and
that's what happened what happened to me
was I stopped being Daryl so stop and
then that's brave I in this this brought
me just waking up and creating again and
then it aspired me to do music again
that's awesome man
I totally get what you're saying about
staying true to who you are and that
ties in to my final question which is
what is the impact that you want to have
on the world
I want people not to be afraid to be
themselves no matter what circumstances
they in your situation doesn't define
who you are you define who you are thank
you so much for coming guys not only is
he one of the most iconic entertainers
of all time as you just saw he's one of
the most incredible storytellers ever
one you're gonna want to dive into the
comic what he's trying to bring to the
world that through narrative through
everything that we talked about today
about the the danger legitimate danger
of losing your sense of self that the
way to get back out of that is to refine
that center to find a purpose to have
something that you believe in and that
that is gonna be the path towards
building that compelling future that
thing that's going to get you out of
that and he said that he learned a lot
in therapy and one of the most important
things he learned is you've got to speak
up for yourself and one of the most
important things to me the thing that I
find ironically so exciting about
superheroes is the underlying theme that
nobody's coming to save you that's what
the superhero understands and it's the
superhero who realizes there is no one
else and what I think is so fascinating
about DMC is he's been that guy for an
entire generation of people who realize
by hearing a voice unlike anything else
they'd ever heard rapping about not
being
good at scratching but being good at
drawing which is one of his actual
lyrics and he says the Easter eggs are
hidden all throughout his music and you
can go back and listen to them the way
that he's describing superhero culture
of things that superheroes does and I
hope you guys heard and understood what
he was saying about that was his world
of make-believe but in making other
people believe that he believed it
himself and he actually went on to do it
so the guy who becomes one of the most
iconic and successful entertainers of
all time it starts from creating
something he wanted to believe about in
himself so man I hope you take that away
from the episode and I hope that you
dive into this guy's world the music and
everything that he's done outside of
that it's absolutely incredible
definitely pick up the comic book it's
amazing you guys are gonna love it all
right if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and until next time my friends
be legendary
take care hey everybody thank you so
much for watching and being a part of
this community if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe you're gonna get
weekly videos on building a growth
mindset cultivating grit and unlocking
your full potential